Adds core.md web interface links (#18367)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_includes/installation/core.md

hass
```

> You can now reach your installation via the web interface on `http://homeassistant.local:8123`, `http://localhost:8123` or `http://X.X.X.X:8123`  (replace X.X.X.X with your machines’s IP address).. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now reach your installation via the web interface on `http://homeassistant.local:8123`.

If this address doesn't work you may also try `http://localhost:8123` or `http://X.X.X.X:8123` (replace X.X.X.X with your machines’ IP address).
```
